The last box hits the floor with a thud, followed by the echoing cling of glass bumping against glass. Anna sighs heavily and slumps onto the couch. The apartment is cluttered with boxes and misplaced items. A hairdryer is placed on the kitchen island along with a sack of soil and on the TV-table is a box marked “Christmas decorations”, stacked on top of a box for a humidifier, containing dozens of glasses and mugs, each item wrapped in a single sock for cushioning. Nothing is where it is supposed to be, except for the bed in the bedroom. Anna desperately wanted to go to sleep and leave all organization and trouble for tomorrow. Her neck ached from all the heavy lifting, and she felt a migraine building up. She tried stretching her neck and massaging with her fingers, and managed to find some relief.

Anna did not like asking for help. Her sense of accomplishment was the strongest when she completed tasks on her own. It made her colleagues grow frustrated with her, and boyfriends often felt under-appreciated. Her theory was that they all felt that way because they could not do the things she did.

By all means, Anna was a successful professor. She had fought her way into university with below-average grades, and finished on top of her class with a Master's of Science and a strong recommendation letter from one of her professors. Tomorrow is the first workday after her transfer to a more prestigious university. She is beyond elated and her nervousness has been dimmed by the never-ending bustle of moving. Now, there is a ringing silence as the dust in the room whirl around and settles. The silence is odd to Anna, who never ventured outside busy streets, where cafés and restaurants were sprinkled with chattering customers. 

She fishes up her phone and turns on some music. The phone speaker crunches and screeches as it tries to replicate the tunes of Evil Woman by Electric Light Orchestra. Humming along in the chorus, Anna reaches for the first box and starts searching for a toothbrush. It is dark outside the floor-to-ceiling window in the den. The backyard is more than two meters down, and the garden can be viewed from the small balcony. Spruce trees and rose bushes mix together in the darkness, dancing somberly in the evening breeze. There's a quiet trickle of water flowing in a small ditch beyond the trees and a splash can be heard every now and then, caused by a frog or fish playing in the water. It's a warm day for early spring. Anna has pushed the door open to welcome some fresh air. A few flies sneak into the house, seeking warmth for the night. The music from Anna's phone leaks out into the foggy evening.

The toothbrush is in a pouch in the fourth box Anna rummages through. The place is even more of a mess now. Luckily, the toothpaste had been packed next to the toothbrush. Anna grabs the two and goes to brush her teeth. The bathroom light gives a buzz and flickers before coming to life. As she brushes thoroughly, Anna scans the bathroom. It needs a deep cleaning and the lightbulb should probably be changed. She puts it on her mental To-do-list, and goes to the balcony. No neighbors are awake as far as Anna can tell by the dark apartment windows, and the garden contains no lights. As she scans around, all she can see is a whirling darkness. It moves around like a uniform mass of dark liquid, occasionally forming figures and faces to fill in the lack of perceived objects. In the sky, the stars gaze lazily down at earth, traveling across the sky too slowly to be noticable. The moon forms a thin crescent in the horizon, providing no light in the dark night. It is a beautiful and calm night. Anna brushes the last few lazy strokes before heading back to the bathroom. She takes the moment to wash her face before remembering that she forgot to bring a towel. She sighs, thinking that the hand towels should be in a bag in the bedroom. Water droplets trace behind her as she moves towards the open door next to the bathroom.

The bedroom is filled with items and in the middle of the room, the bed sits naked and empty. Anna throws her phone on the bed. It died after playing music all day during the drive and Anna does not remember where she put the charger. She grabs a towel from the top of one of the boxes and quickly dries her face, leaving the towel to hang on the door handle before moving back to the den.

She shuts the balcony door and traverses back through the jungle of boxes to the bedroom. The pillows and blankets are in a bag balancing on top of a tower of smaller boxes. Anna throws two pillows and a blanket on the bed before diving in herself. She snuggles up and falls asleep quickly.

…

Anna blinks and stirs. Her eyes open to a pitch black room. She grabs her phone to glance at the time, but the phone is dead. Something woke her up and it is still the middle of the night. There is a faint buzzing from the fridge, and rain droplets can be heard hitting the window. She flips in her bed and catches a glance of the window. The dark night sky can be seen, and a few start glimmer faintly. Anna’s eyes fall shut for a few seconds, only to open again as the sound of crunching footsteps on gravel reaches her. She glances back out the window where there is only darkness. She frowns. Something is wrong with the view. There were stars in the sky just now. She tilts her head so that she can look at the window properly. Her heart jolts in fear. 

The night sky is blocked by something. She stares at the window with wide eyes until they water and she has to blink. As they focus again, a few stars are visible again. They form the outline of shoulders and a head. Someone is staring into her room. She freezes, lying as still as she can to not attract any attention and keeping a steady open eye on the figure. Suddenly, it has moved slightly. It’s as if it moved in the blink of an eye. An arm is raised next to the head as a fist. It looks as if it’s going to knock on the window. Aside from the change in position, the figure is entirely motionless. Anna blinks confused, and there’s three rhythmic knocks. The knocks sound like stone hitting glass, but the window remains intact. To her horror, the figure has moved to press its face against the window. Her vision has cleared up in the darkness, and she can make out a pair of eyes and a mouth. There is no nose, no ears, and no hair. The eyes look like golfing balls, with pinhead sized pupils focused on her silhouette. The mouth is nothing, but a crack in the lower part of the face. The figure does not move as it breathes, but she can hear a quiet deflating noise every few seconds. 

Her eyes dry up and she blinks again. There is another knock, and the offensive echo of glass cracking. Anna rolls out of bed, away from the window. There’s another two echoing cracks from the window as she moves. When she looks up again, the figure has tilted its head to follow her. It stares at her, not moving. She glances down at her phone, and up at the figure again. It has its hand pulled back, further this time, and changed the position of its fist as if preparing to punch through the window. Anna quickly grabs the phone without taking her eyes off the figure. Its pupils do not follow her movement. She backs towards the entrance to the bedroom and into the living room, keeping her eyes on the creature through the door frame. Her eyes brim from the lack of blinking and as she blinks instinctively, there is a loud crash.

The glass can be seen falling to the floor and stumbling around before settling. The figure’s eyes are focused on her again, its fist stretched into the bedroom, frozen in time. She tries to control her breathing, but it comes out as terrified groans. She considers her options. She could try to run out the front door, but it’s locked and she doesn’t know how fast the creature is when she takes her eyes off of it. The bathroom is right next to the bedroom. she might be able to hide in there until help arrives. Hopefully, the neighbors heard the window shattering. 

She walks towards the bathroom door but keeps both eyes set on the creature. Her hand fumbles for the handle and she manages to pull the door open. The creature’s eyes are no longer focused on her, as she has moved to the far left of the doorframe. She counts down from three in her head and throws herself around the bathroom door, gathering momentum from the movement of the door. The bathroom door falls shut with a bang. Her hands shake as she frantically turns the lock. Outside, there is a loud thump, followed by the crunching of glass, and rapid foot movement past the bedroom door. It stops temporarily in the hallway, then starts erratically pacing around the apartment. Anna can hear the balcony door swing open and then instantly shut. Then there’s footsteps heading into the kitchen. It’s quiet for a few seconds. Anna holds her breath and clutches her hands together. A water droplet in the faucet of the bathroom falls to the metallic drain of the sink. The sound echoes in the silence like a thunderstrike. Footsteps can be heard move abruptly to the bathroom door. In three steps, it has approached the door and is pulling on the handle. Anna can see the handle be pushed down and up rapidly. The door is shaking from the movement. She is sure it can not hold much longer. 

In the midst of the rattling, the doorbell rings. Anna’s heart jumps. Is it the neighbors? The rattling stops and rapid footsteps can be heard heading towards the bedroom. Then there’s silence. The doorbell rings again and Anna listens intently. The ring echoes throughout the apartment and settles as a quiet beeping in her ears. It’s quiet for a few minutes. Someone calls from outside the front door. It’s muffled and Anna cannot make out the words. Suddenly, down the corridor of the apartment building more footsteps can be heard. There’s more talking, then a rapid knock on Anna’s door and a raised voice. 

“Police department. Is anybody home?”

Anna breathes a sigh of relief. Police meant more people and hopefully guns as protection. Her heart did not slow down. She did not know whether the creature had left or if it was waiting for her. Should she call out to the police? Or would that just attract the animal if it was still there? She’s sure she heard it run away, so it is not right outside the door.

She opens the bathroom door carefully and peeks out. Nothing is out of order and there is no creature. There’s another rapid knock on the door, followed by a ring of the doorbell. Anna moves out of the bathroom, still glancing around, and sneaks towards the front door. A gust of wind makes the hair on the back of her neck stand up. She glances behind her into the den, her heart already racing. There is nothing, but the disarray of her apartment and the distant twinkle of the stars past the balcony door. Rapid foot movement approaches her from the kitchen, and she spins around. In front of her is the creature, its hand already snaked around her neck. Its eyes stare blankly at her, its entire body frozen. Her eyes brim in fear, and she blinks. The hand tightens and she feels her breathing cut off. A tear rolls down her cheek. Her eyes focus on the creature in front of her and its mouth has opened into a snarl. It is strangling her without moving. She reaches up and tries to release the grip around her neck. The fingers are hard like steel and don’t budge. Her head is spinning. She is running out of time. She glances towards the door as she hears another knock.

“Police department. Open the door.”

Anna tries to call back, but only hears the sound of her neck being crushed before everything goes black. 

…

Officer Wright glances at the man.

“Do you personally know the resident in this apartment?”

The man shakes his head with wide eyes, clearly shaken. “No, musta moved in today. I’ve been workin’ all day and as I was settlin’ for bed, I heard glass shatter.”

Wright knocks on the door and calls out again and waits.

He turns to the man.

“If you’re saying you heard glass shatter and a commotion, we have probable cause to suspect the resident’s in danger.”

The man glances around and throws his hands out. 

“I don’t get why no one else heard it. Shit was loud as hell. And then I heard footsteps and a door slam. I was so confused. First I thought it was some kids messin’ with the residents by throwing rocks at the windows, but as I heard running footsteps, I’m guessin’ someone broke in.” He scratches his head and glances towards the window and the end of the hallway. “I just don’t understand why someone would break into the third floor instead of going for the first or even second floor. How do you even go about breakin’ into the third floor from the window?”

He laughs nervously and Wright gives an acknowledging “hmm”. 

It’s quiet for a long while and Wright wonders if the commotion had gone quiet because the situation worsened or the suspect had fled. He tries to open the door to the residence and it swings open quietly. The neighbor backs away, trying to hide behind the officer, but still wanting to glance into the apartment. The apartment is dark, but the lights from the hallway reveal the plastic flooring leading from the entrance to the hallway of the apartment. Wright holsters his taser and pushes the door to open completely. Around two meters into the apartment, there’s a woman lying on the floor. Wright walks in, keeping an eye on the apartment and kitchen.

“Police department. Ma’am, are you okay?”

The woman does not acknowledge him and he approaches carefully.

“Ma’am. Ma’am? Are you-”

He is next to her when he notices that her head is no longer connected to her body. Wright raises his taser and scans the rest of the apartment for people. There is no sign of anyone else. He backs towards the entrance and turns to the neighbor. 

“Sir, you need to go home. This is now a crime scene”

The man pales.

“What? What’s happened?”

“I can’t tell you. Please, go back to your apartment”.

The neighbor pauses for a moment, then stumbles into his apartment. Wright hears him put the chain lock on the door. He talks into his radio.

“I have a 10-79. Woman, looking to be in her early thirties. The head is completely detached from the body. Requesting a forensic team to be dispatched to the area.”
