I glance out the window. Fog dims the sight of dancing leaves and shivering branches of the forest. Creaks of the wood mix with the light drumming of raindrops hitting the window sill. I lean my temple on the cool window, my warm skin forming a damp gloria on the glass. There’s the crackle of a thunderbolt striking somewhere nearby. I don’t flinch. I don’t look for its target.

I sigh.

My phone vibrates.

I flinch.

What follows is a silence so deafening I fear my ears will implode. My hand moves towards the phone at my bedside table. My eyes follow the words written on the screen and then to the 9 missed calls. I draw in a shuddering sniffle. The only sound that reaches my ears is my ragged breathing as another piece of me shatters. My chest constricts at the burning sensation and I feel the tickle of a tear rolling down my cheek, stopping at the corner of my mouth. I lick it and revel in the salty sadness before wiping my cheek with the back of my hand. My throat dries up and I swallow, the lump in my throat lingering stubbornly.

My phone falls onto the duvet covers on my bed with a thud. I hug myself. The feeling of myself shattering, feeling of each cell of my body shutting down, smothers me. I feel my heart coughing in slow, strained beats. I hear my lungs creak as they expand slowly with each breath. I feel the numbing sensation spreading, starting at the very bottom of my toes, slowly spreading up my feet.

I sniffle and rise off of the bed, not feeling the lower parts of my legs anymore. Actually not feeling anything in particular.

Though one thing is prominent.

I grimace in pain and a pair of tears skid down my cheeks as I feel more of myself break, one piece hits the floor, another following close after, none of them making a noise. I drag a ragged breath and make my way to the bathroom.

The light flickers, coughing to life, above the bathroom mirror. The bathtub lies dried up, dusty and cracked. Gray light fills the tiny clinkered space, casting a shadow over everything. The sink is cluttered with small brown jars, each printed with symptoms for consumption: headache, anxiety, sleeplessness, muscle pain, depression, etc. I close my eyes for a moment and when I open them, the jars lie motionless, some cracked and some not, scattered on the floor. My eyes move to look at the reflection in the mirror. The numbing reaches my thighs and I wobble, grabbing the sink for stabilization. I feel my heart constrict in sadness of realization.

I am alone.

The emptiness fills my heart like the moonlight spreads across the bathroom walls. I stare blankly at the reflection in the mirror. The woman looks back. Her eyes are unfocused and eyelids heavy. The hair is tangled and greasy, tied up into a ponytail. Her cheeks are void of color and her lips appear dry and cracked. The salty remnants of tears have formed white streaks on her face and they sparkle in the dim light.

She is not someone I know.

Her right hand reaches towards me. My left arm mirrors her. The cabinet behind the mirror is opened. My hand reaches into the cabinet, immediately finding the small scissor. The scissor is brought out and the cabinet door is closed. I am faced with her again. We lock eyes. She glares in disgust. I feel myself blush in embarrassment. The woman glances at the small scissor in my hand and then looks at me, frowning. Her disgust melts away and anxiety blares across her face. Her mouth opens as if taking a shocked breath. I walk out of the bathroom.

Back in bed. The fabric is nice against my now naked body, it strokes me as if comforting me as I twist and turn. My hand is clutching the small scissor. I sigh as I glance at the phone. The screen now shows 10 missed calls, all from him. Another part of me breaks. I sit up in my bed. My heart has stopped trying, I no longer hear it. My lungs no longer burn in exhaustion, because they stopped struggling. I am overwhelmed with pain and sadness. I groan and clutch my forehead as I let a few drops of salty sadness drop onto the bed in between bared legs. The scissor sits motionless in my hand, recognising the step-by-step story of what is going to happen.

I glare at the scissor, feeling nausea rise from the bottom of my belly, colliding with the lump in my throat. I grunt in pain as another part of me breaks. The piece thuds softly onto the bed. I whimper and contemplate for a moment. The mirror in front of my bed displays me in full. I grimace at the sight and bring the scissor to point towards my left hand. The sharp blade glistens. I grab it so that I point one of the blades towards the skin underneath my wrist on my left arm. The last piece of me shatters as I slice one time. I feel my face tense up, tears start to brim.

What am I doing?

I bring the blade across my wrist another time. I breathe shallowly, bile rising in my throat. The skin is irritated, but no blood has been drawn. I grunt and bring the blade down across my wrist harder. The sting sings through my body. I feel my body wake up, the numbness in my legs gone.

A streak of light fills my room. The rain has silenced, the dancing leaves have gone to sleep, the shivering branches stay idle and tall. My eyes do to my wrist. Blood trickles down it, splattering my thighs and staining my sheets.
