Anna grunts as she drops the last box to the floor. It makes a loud thud, followed by the echoing clinging of glass grinding against each other. She sighs and falls backwards onto the couch. The apartment is cluttered with boxes and misplaced stuff. It tends to become like that when you move. Anna did not like asking for help. She felt the sense of accomplishment best when she completed tasks on her own. It made her colleagues grow frustrated with her,and boyfriends tended to feel under-appreciated. She suspected they all felt that way because they could not do the things she did.

By all means, Anna was a successful professor. She had fought her way into university with below-average grades, and finished on top of her class with a Master's of Science and a strong recommendation letter from one of her professors. Tomorrow is the first workday after her promotion and transfer to a more exclusive university. She was beyond elated and her nervousness had been dimmed by the never-ending moving throughout the day. Now, she was sitting in an armchair, rubbing her neck to release some strain from all the carrying. There was a ringing silence as the dust in the room whirled around and soon settled. The silence is odd to a city-person like Anna, who has never ventured outside busy streets and restaurants or cafés sprinkeled with chattering customers. 

She fished up her phone and put on some music. The phone speaker crunched and screeched as it tried to replicate the tunes of Evil Woman by Electric Light Orchestra. Humming along in the chorus, Anna reached for the first box and started unpacking. It was dark outside the floor-to-ceiling window in the den. The backyard was more than two meters down, and the garden could be viewed from the small balcony. Spruce trees and rose bushes mix together in the darkness, dancing together in the evening breeze. There's a quiet trickle from the water flowing in a small ditch beyond the trees and splashing can be heard every now and then. It's a warm day for early spring. Anna has pushed the door open to welcome in some fresh air. A few flies sneak into the house, seeking warmth for the night. The music from Anna's phone leaks out into the foggy spring evening.
